The beastly boars versions merger is coming, soon.[br][br]I'd done a lot of 
experiments during the last 6 months on the hogventure editor.[br]After I'd 
decided to use the 'firebase.com' technology to synchronize data of [br]the same 
project with multiple users in different places, I've build a little [br]test 
application for metadata and chat only.[br]Other prior apps had have multiple 
services' login with facebook (broken), [br]twitter and google(broken, but 
updated), drawing tools with colors(abandoned, [br]for better work-file-images), 
local storage on the browser internal sandbox [br]system, indexedDB, 
websql(deprecated and not any more supported) and the [br]browsers' 
local-storage. The apps have drawn nice lines in the analytic [br]overviews. The 
first version had have a specific input paradigm.[br][br]But name it, the 
user-interface was to complicated to support the user's [br]workflow.[br][br]Now 
I show you a blank page first with prompts. Those ask you what to do and 
[br]lead you through the different work spaces, that you might explore, while 
you [br]create a HTML5/javascript game. Your game. That is what the editor is 
for. It [br]will still come with an build in game-interpreter - 'the player' - 
for test [br]purposes. [br][br]So here are the incomplete currently supported 
features-list:[br][br]&bull; Start with the 'Slideshow' - game - 
overview.[br]&bull; Create a 'Slide', room, scene or whatever you would like to 
call it.[br]&bull; Add Selections to the Slide, these are single decisions, 
dialog, [br]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;etc. The Slide does have collection of 
Selections.[br]&bull; Add Objects to the Slide.[br]&bull; Add an image as the 
title-imgae to the Slideshow, background-image [br]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;to the 
Slide, image to an Object.[br]&bull; Create 'Metadatas' for the purpose of 
documentation and (pre-)development.[br]&bull; Add images to a 
Metadata-Note.[br]&bull; Link to any kind on Slideshow-elements and 
Metadata-Notes. [br]&bull; Chat via firebase (incomplete 
implementation)[br]&bull; Ex- and import of all project data to your local 
harddrive (incomplete implementation)[br]&bull; Login with twitter[br]&bull; 
Overviews for Slideshow, Slide and Metadatas[br][br]Missing features as far as I 
can recapture them:[br][br]&#9675; add a Plugin to the Slideshow, a 
Plugin-Editor to the Project[br]&#9675; associating a plugin with a 
slide[br]&#9675; import an external image(png, jpg) for the Slideshow, Slide, 
Object, Selection, ...[br]&#9675; multiple, conditional targets for Objects, 
Selections, ... (&#191;plugins?)[br]&#9675; syncing all data![br]&#9675; invite 
friends with twitter[br]&#9675; animations, sounds and videos[br]&#9675; Object 
movement by path(&#191;I do not know if I will build this in, 
[br]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;because you could use plugins instead?)[br]&#9675; a 
larger, resizing, scrollable panel for overviews[br]&#9675; connecting lines and 
arrows in overviews[br]&#9675; complete ex- and import[br]&#9675; complete chat 
via firebase[br][br]There are bugs. [br]Please help me to find them.[br]I 
strongly recommend to use the last version of the google chrome browser, 
[br]please.[br]And still don't forget to mention, what version you use - chome 
stable, dev or [br]canary. Many thanks in advanced for all your great help and 
support. [br]

